# Takari Extensions for Apache Maven TEAM  - Documentation

This is the source code for the documentation for the Takari Extensions for
Apache Maven TEAM.

# Authoring Content

Source files are in the project root folder as markdown formatted files.

The Gitbook application can be used for comfortable editing. Alternatively you
can use the Markdown editor available from the Eclipse marketplace or any other
 markdown editor.

Comments have to be added with

    [//]: # (test comment)

for each line.

Image inclusions for figures have to follow the naming convention of the
existing images.

# Book Generation

To generate the book simply run:

```
./book.rb
```

If you want to change what is produced edit the `book.yml` file.

# Requirements

To generate the PDF, epub, and mobi book requires 

* pandoc 1.11.1 or later : http://johnmacfarlane.net/pandoc/installing.html
* XeTeX http://tug.org/mactex/ 
* Calibre

On Fedora you can run something like this::

    $ yum install ruby calibre rubygems ruby-devel rubygem-ruby-debug rubygem-rdiscount

On MacOS you can do like this::
  
1. INSTALL ruby and rubygems
2. `$ gem install rdiscount`
3. DOWNLOAD Calibre for MacOS and install command line tools. 

# Configuration

`book.tex` is the main LaTeX file which determines the style of the PDF version 
of the book. Its contents is run through the ERB templating language to include 
language-specific customizations from config.yml.


# Inclusion on the website

is done via the team/book folder contents generated by the build. The Takari website project
manages the rest with these files are input.
